1. An app that provides a new way for students to eat out in groups for a discounted price. The idea is essentially to create an app akin to groupon, but specifically for students who intend to eat out in groups. 2. An app that offers a marketplace for legal services to create a new, tech-driven approach to the law. By cutting out the law firm, we would substantially reduce overhead, and therefore provide cheaper legal services to clients. 3. An app for a medical marketplace. Similar to the legal services app idea, this would allow medics to independently contract their work through my online platform. Ultimately, this would incorporate new technology such as iphone plugins that read blood sugar levels etc. 4. An app similar to doodle, but which pre-populates with only the free time from your calendar. A large proportion of the time spent on doodle and similar sites is just inserting time that you are available. Rather than having to do this, why not just upload your gcal?5. An app that takes money out of your account in proportion to how much you spend, and then replaces it at the end of the year. I presume that if there is less money in the account, then the owner will be less willing to spend it, even if he has more savings locked away with a card like this.6. An app to share life goals with other people and have them comment and make suggestions. We always think of things like goals as personal Ð private to the self. Instead, we could share them with others, so that we can identify like minded people, and also get feedback on our goals7. An app to tell you what street parking is available. Since parking meters are now digital, it should be possible to find out which ones will be free by the time you arrive. People waste so much time looking for parking. 8. A pay by minute marketplace (source: Quora). Essentially if you do an hour of work, you have an hour of work that you can request from others. Cut out the middle man. 9. Google maps plugin to make predictions for what will happen in all locations at some point in the future. Probably not feasible :p 10. A reminder app that learns how you make decisions, and therefore adapts how it reminds you to get the best response. So for example if you are always 10 minutes late, it sends the reminder 10 minutes earlier. 